Cemetery data is Public Domain obtained from https://datacatalog.cookcountyil.gov/

Chicago Police data is Public Domain obtained from http://gis.chicagopolice.org/

Other Chicago data is Public Domain obtained from 
http://www.cityofchicago.org/city/en/depts/doit/provdrs/gis.html

DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY
The City of Chicago (“City”) voluntarily provides the data on this website as a 
service to the public.  The City makes no warranty, representation, or guaranty 
as to the content, accuracy, timeliness, or completeness of any of the data 
provided at this website.  The City makes this data available on an “as is” 
basis and explicitly disclaims any representations and warranties, including, 
without limitation, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a 
particular purpose.  The City shall assume no liability for: 1. any errors, 
omissions, or inaccuracies in the data provided at this website regardless how 
caused; or, 2. any decision made or action taken or not taken by anyone using or 
relying upon data provided at this website.  The City assumes no liability for 
any virus or other damage to any computer that might occur during or as a result 
of accessing this website or the data provided herein.

USE OF DATA
The City may require a user of this data to terminate any and all display, 
distribution or other use of any or all of the data provided at this website for 
any reason including, without limitation, violation of these Terms of Use or 
other terms as defined by City agencies or departments contributing data to this 
website.

Any user of this website providing any software application, or other secondary 
or derivative application using data supplied at this website shall do the 
following:

Include the following disclaimer at the site where the software application, or 
other secondary or derivative application can be accessed or downloaded:

“This site provides applications using data that has been modified for use from 
its original source, www.cityofchicago.org, the official website of the City of 
Chicago.  The City of Chicago makes no claims as to the content, accuracy, 
timeliness, or completeness of any of the data provided at this site.  The data 
provided at this site is subject to change at any time.  It is understood that 
the data provided at this site is being used at one’s own risk.”

Comply with any additional Terms of Use set forth by the City agency or 
department providing data used by the software application, or other secondary 
or derivative application, including, without limitation, requirements to 
include additional citations or disclaimers at the site where the application 
can be accessed or downloaded.      

RESERVATION OF RIGHTS
The City reserves the right to discontinue availability of content on this 
website at any time and for any reason.  The City reserves the right to claim or 
seek to protect any patent, copyright, trademark, or other intellectual property 
rights in any of the information, images, software, or processes displayed or 
used at this website.  If the City claims or seeks to protect any intellectual 
property rights in any of the information, images, software, or processes 
displayed or used at this website, then this website will so indicate on the 
webpage on or from which such information, images, software, or processes are 
accessed.  These Terms of Use do not grant anyone any title or right to any 
patent, copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights that the City 
may have in any of the information, images, software, or processes displayed or 
used at this website.

INDEMNITY
To the fullest extent permitted by law, any user of the data provided at this 
website shall indemnify and hold harmless the City from any claim, loss, damage, 
injury, or liability of any kind (including, without limitation, incidental and 
consequential damages, court costs, attorney’s fees and costs of investigation), 
that arises directly or indirectly, in whole or in part, from that user’s use of 
this data, including any secondary or derivative use of the information provided 
herein.  Every user of this data also specifically acknowledges and agrees to 
have an immediate and independent obligation to defend the City from any claim 
that may fall within this indemnification provision, even if the allegations are 
or may be groundless, false or fraudulent, which obligation arises at the time 
such claim is tendered to the user by the City and continues at all times 
thereafter.